Mr. Zebra, the postman
is delivering a letter to Peppa's house.
Oh look, someone's got a party invitation!
It must be for me!
It says,
To George Pig, from Edmond Elephant
Please come to my party!
Doesn't it say George and Peppa?
No. Just George.
HM... I didn't want to go
to a silly baby party anyway!
Hello. Oh, it's for
you Peppa. It's Emily Elephant.
Hello.
Hello Peppa.
Do you want to come
to Edmond's party as my friend?
Oh yes please!
My mummy wants
us to help with the little ones.
Help? Yes! I can help!
Danny and Suzy are helpers too.
Oh, goodies!
Everyone is here
for Edmond Elephant's party.
Oh the helpers are here.
Hello Mrs. Elephant!
Let's get this party started!
Who wants to play "Musical statues"?
Yeah!
This is what you do.
Dance when the music is playing.
And when it stops, freeze like a statue.
Ready. Steady. Go!
Just dance already!
This one is still blinking. You are out!
You're moving George. You are out.
Richard and Edmond are out.
So Zaza is the winner.
Hurray!
You've got a medal.
It's made of real plastic gold.
Mummy, "Musical Statues" is over.
Lovely!
Now it's time for "Pass the Parcel".
Yeah!
When the
music plays, pass the parcel round.
music stops, take some paper off.
Ready. Steady. Go!
George! Pass the parcel!
Edmond has got a medal.
Hurry up, Richard!
Just take the paper off.
Richard has got a medal.
George has got a medal.
Pass the parcel!
Oh dear, George isn't passing the parcel.
No, George. That's Zaza's medal!
It's a giant teddy!
Edmond has won!
Mummy, "Pass the Parcel" is finished.
Hm…lovely! Now it's time for food.
Hurray!
Oh…The helpers have taken all the seats.
This is Edmond's party, remember?
The helpers can eat after the little ones.
Oh yes. We're the helpers.
Juice please!
Jelly please
Jelly. Jelly!
More please!
Happy birthday, Edmond!
It is the end of the party.
Thank you, to the helpers.
You've all worked really hard!
Yes…It's not easy
looking after little children.
Hm… I need to lie down…
I need a holiday…